Improve countImpression functionality in native ios (#6)
contentpass/contentpass-ios: README.md

contentPass.recoverFromError()
```

> ### Counting an impression
> `countImpression` method tracks and increments the impression count for the current user. This method should be invoked whenever
> a user views a piece of content. It applies to all users, whether authenticated or unauthenticated.
> Counting an impression is as easy as calling the function `countImpression(completionHandler:)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Counting an impression
`countImpression` method counts impressions for billing purposes. This method must be invoked whenever a user views a piece of content, independently of authentication state. If the current user is authenticated the impression will automatically be logged as paid ad-free impression to calculate the publisher compensation. As the total amount of impressions is required for billing as well, this method also counts sampled impressions of non-subscribers. Counting an impression is as easy as calling the function `countImpression(completionHandler:)`.
```
